2021 01 19 shaun liu pim (#11399)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/rbacapplication-rolescheduleinstances.md

---
title: "rbacApplication: roleScheduleInstances"

> description: "Function to retrieve both roleAssignmentSheduleInstances and roleEligibilityScheduleInstances in a single call."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Retrieves both roleAssignmentSheduleInstances and roleEligibilityScheduleInstances objects."
```

author: "shauliu"
localization_priority: Normal
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# rbacApplication: roleScheduleInstances

> Namespace: microsoft.graph

Reviewer: Add:  [!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> Function to retrieve both roleAssignmentSheduleInstances and roleEligibilityScheduleInstances in a single call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Retrieves both roleAssignmentSheduleInstances and roleEligibilityScheduleInstances objects.
```

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|PrivilegedAccess.ReadWrite.AzureAD|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported|
|Application|PrivilegedAccess.Read.AzureAD|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /roleManagement/directory/roleScheduleInstances
```

> ## Function parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Query parameters
```

> In the request URL, provide the following query parameters with values.

Reviewer: The first sentence isn't needed.

> The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this method.
```

Reviewer 2: @davidmu1 Have we changed the API template for functions?  
This is function - and these are parameters of the function and not query options.
Same goes for the section title - it should be Function parameters.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |directoryScopeId|String|Id of the directory object representing the scope of the assignment. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|directoryScopeId|String|Id of the directory object that represents the scope of the assignment. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. |
```

> |appScopeId|String|Id of the app specific scope when the assignment scope is app specific. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. Use "/" for tenant-wide scope. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|appScopeId|String|Id of the app specific scope when the assignment scope. The scope of an assignment determines the set of resources for which the principal has been granted access. Directory scopes are shared scopes stored in the directory that are understood by multiple applications. Use "/" for tenant-wide scope. App scopes are scopes that are defined and understood by this application only. |
```

> |principalId|String|Objectid of the principal to which the schedules belong to. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|principalId|String|Objectid of the principal to which the schedules belong. |
```

> |roleDefinitionId|String|ID of the unifiedRoleDefinition the assignment is for. Read only.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|roleDefinitionId|String|ID of the unifiedRoleDefinition in the assignment . Read only.|
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

> If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md) collection in the response body.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase](../resources/unifiedrolescheduleinstancebase.md) collection in the response body.
```

## Examples

### Request
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "rbacapplication_rolescheduleinstances"
}
-->
``` http

> GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleScheduleInstances(directoryScopeId='parameterValue',appScopeId='parameterValue',principalId='parameterValue',roleDefinitionId='parameterValue')

Reviewer: Examples should show real looking values.

```

### Response
**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {

>       "@odata.type": "#Microsoft.Identity.Governance.Common.Data.ExternalModels.V1.unifiedRoleScheduleInstanceBase",

Reviewer: Actual values.
